README.md, before:

# [Radiant](http://technologyadvice.github.io/radiant/)

Semantic UI theme for internal TechnolgoyAdvice apps.

## Install

**NPM**

```bash
npm i @technologyadvice/radiant -S
```

**CDN**

```bash
d6xw8h2ajn62r.cloudfront.net/x.x.x/css/radiant.min.css
```

## Usage

See [learn semantic](http://learnsemantic.com/) for understanding this project.

## Development

`npm start` - Installs dependencies and runs gulp.

`gulp` - Sets up everything needed for development, see the task for details.  
`gulp help` - List gulp commands and help.


## Getting Started

See the [Semantic UI Customizing](http://learnsemantic.com/developing/customizing.html) docs.

Then checkout the Semantic UI guidelines on our [wiki](https://github.com/TechnologyAdvice/TAPAnsible/wiki/).

## Updating Semantic
This project uses a custom build.  **Do not** use Semantic UI's build or update. You will hose this project.

    npm run update-semantic

### Releasing

On the latest clean `master`:

    npm run release:major
    npm run release:minor
    npm run release:patch

Commit message:

docs(readme): update the readme

README.md, after:

# [Radiant](http://technologyadvice.github.io/radiant/)

Semantic UI theme for internal TechnolgoyAdvice apps.

## Install

**NPM**

```bash
npm i @technologyadvice/radiant -S
```

**CDN**

```bash
d6xw8h2ajn62r.cloudfront.net/x.x.x/css/radiant.min.css
```

## Usage

See [learn semantic](http://learnsemantic.com/) for understanding this project.

## Development

```
npm start             # build, watch, and serve docs
npm build             # build the theme
npm build:docs        # build the docs
```


## Getting Started

See the [Semantic UI Customizing](http://learnsemantic.com/developing/customizing.html) docs.

Then checkout the Semantic UI guidelines on our [wiki](https://github.com/TechnologyAdvice/TAPAnsible/wiki/).

## Updating Semantic

This project uses a custom build.  **Do not** use Semantic UI's build or update. You will hose this project.

    npm run update-semantic

### Releasing

On the latest clean `master`:

    npm run release:major
    npm run release:minor
    npm run release:patch
